we've put together a short video of a
2006 Chevrolet 1500 truck with the
typical 530 liter engine in it with a FP
726 true dual system we have external
audio so that you can hear the truck
idling from the outside and then we'll
go inside the vehicle where you can hear
it running at the same RPMs on the
inside with the door closed and windows
up
now we'll have it on the interior of the
same exact truck with the door open
and now the same interior with the door
closed
along with flow pros exceptional exhaust
products another first from flow Pro
it's called flow pros sound profile disk
this disk which is distributed to the
exhaust centers around the country
allows the exhaust centers to present
and show the flow Pro products on many
different vehicles almost 80 cars and
trucks are on this disc another first
from flow Pro hi I'm Kirk Robinson with
Kenny's muffler shop saying flow Pro is
power without punishment and flow Pro
won't choke your smoke